sessions/session-2.md, before:

Type: recap
Date: Jan 03, 2026
Title: Setting Sail to learn of our Bounties

Session 2 took us to the high seas on The Wedding Downry to the isle of Traitor Joe's where we learn the details of our bounties and the dangers that await us.

## :star2: Key Details

- **:face_with_spiral_eyes: Dream States**: We all awaken on the ship in various states of dreamy confusion
- **:anchor: The Wedding Dowry**: The ship we are aboard
- **:pirate_flag: Traitor Joe's**: An island safe harbor for pirates. Haggling is REQUIRED.
- **:crab: The Rusty Crab**: A divey pirate bar.
- **:tropical_drink: Salt & Air fancy bar**: the fancy schmancy bar.
- **:hook: Bait & Tackle**: A weapons and gear shop.
- **:shushing_face: Who's Askin?**: The hidden in a regular looking house speakeasy.
- **:shield: Well Gotten Gains**: A shop that sells armor.
- **:smile: The Golden Grin**: The prior gang/crew that Clovis sailed with.
- **:school: Tieem**: The mage school/city. Luigi is from here
- **🏴‍☠️ Darktide**: A rough pirate town were we suspect The Golden Grin may have a presence.

## :disguised_face: NPCs Introduced

- **:magic_wand: Mages of Tieem**: they act high and mighty. Locals find them annoying and arrogant.
- **:mage: Denton Fellridge**: The prior head master of the Tieem magic school that Luigi attended. Luigi killed him.
- **:mage: Zim Grayson**: the classmate of Luigi when at the Tieem school. He is now the head master.
- **:construction_worker: Speedy Pete**: The main deckhand on The Wedding Downry.
- **:innocent: Bembem**: God of the Moon and Diligence. Quulaihr is now a follower.

## :open_book: The Adventure

We traveled to Traitor Joe's to learn of our bounties and the dangers that await us as we endevour to clear our names...

---
type: location
Name: The Wedding Dowry ⚓
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi, Clovis, Mulduck, Quulaihr

We are all aboard the ship in various states of confusion and dreaming as the session begins...
---
Type: text
Title: Mulduck Awakens
We find ourselves at a wedding where **Mulduck** is the officiant. Mulduck looks around only to find that the bride, groom, and those in attandance all have his face...and then all are hold his same orb.

The deck hand, **Speedy Pete**, discovers Mulduck on the deck of **The Wedding Dowry** waking up surrounded by runes scortched into the deck of the ship.

Mulduck awakens to find his orb :crystal_ball: has changed color, and now has some ability to control time.
---
Type: text
Title: Quulaihr Signs a Contract
**Mulduck** meets up with **Clovis** and the ship crew who are watching **Quulaihr** who is holding a glowing seagull 🐦. 

Quulaihr, however, is having a converstaion with a god, **Bembem** 😇, through the bird, though it just looks like a bird to all of us. Quulaihr is signing a contract to become a follower of Bembem. 

Upon signing the contract and concluding his conversation, Bem-Bem leaves the seagulls body causing it to die 💀.

Mulduck IMMEDIATELY fires an Eldritch Blast 🔥 at the seagull.
---
Type: quote
Date: Jan 03, 2026
Author: Mulduck

That bird wasn't alive so TECHNICALLY I didn't kill it.
---
Type: text
Title: Luigi's Slimey Awakening
**Mulduck, Clovis and Quulaihr** make their way to the cargo deck to find a gigantic venus fly trap 🪴 has taken up residence in the corner with vines and flower growing all over the walls and ceiling. Quulaihr attacks it right away.

Clovis follows suit, and slices at the opening of the venus fly trap with his axe 🪓 causing a membrane and glowing mucus to be revealed. He proceeds to whip the membrane, and **Luigi** falls out.

Quulaihr BARFS 🤮
---
Type: quote
Date: Jan 03, 2026
Author: Quulaihr

SACRED FLAME! 🔥
---
Type: text
Title: On the run from Johnny Law
**Barry** chat's us up about being on the run from Johnny Law. We discuss going to **Traitor Joe's** 🏴‍☠️ to scrounge up details of our bounties. We set sail.

Quulaihr establishes that Johnny Law is a deity of this world.
---
Type: quote
Date: Jan 03, 2026
Author: Quulaihr

Johnny Law is a Chromatic Dragon
---
type: travel
from: New Haven 🏰
To: Traitor Joe's 🏴‍☠️
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi, Clovis, Mulduck, Quulaihr
We set sail for Traitor Joe's to learn of our bounties.
---
type: location
Name: Traitor Joe's 🏴‍☠️
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi, Clovis, Mulduck, Quulaihr

A small island safe harbor for pirates. Haggling is REQUIRED.
---
Type: Text
Title: Arrival at Traitor Joe's 🏴‍☠️
On arrival at Traitor Joe's, Barry heads out to gamble under **guidance** from Quulaihr while the of the party pursues leads around the city.

**Luigi** heads to **Who's Askin?** 🤫, the speakeasy hidden bar
**Quulaihr** See's his wanted poster. He's been framed by his older employeer for fincial crimes. He changes it from 50,000g to 5,0000g ✍️
**Clovis and Quulaihr** head to **Bait & Tackle** 🪝, a weapon an gear shop
**Mulduck** goes fishing 🎣
---
type: location
Name: Who's Askin? 🤫
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi
Luigi get himself a drink at the bar and see someone with a shoulder tattoo that matches the Sigel on Clovis's clothing. Luigi goes into the back of the bar and sits down with his hood up cloaked in darkness. He notices people talking with the same tattoo and sees a vision of Clovis, having been framed for killing his prior captain by reading the minds of those speaking. The crew is called The golden Grin 🙂.
---
type: location
Name: Bait & Tackle 🪝
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Clovis, Quulaihr
Clovis and Quulaihr arrive at **Bait & Tackle** 🪝. The person working is shaving while shaving and speaking to cool air. Clovis tries to steal while Quulaihr attempts to distract the worker by giving him a small, mechanical shaving robot as a gift. Quulaihr buys Clovis a **scimitar** ⚔️ and upon providing meaningful business and after haggling from 200g to 50g as the native custom demands, the shop keep tells us that we can seek more information regarding our bounties at **Who's Asking?** 🤫
---
type: location
Name: The Docks 🛳️
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Mulduck
After a successful fishing excursion, Mulduck find himself faced with a dog begging for food and feeds it a salmon 🐟 he caught. The dog is a mastiff named **Duke** 🐶
---
type: location
Name: Who's Askin? 🤫
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi, Clovis, Mulduck, Quulaihr
We regroup momentarily at Who's Askin? before breaking to finish shopping needs an investigation.
---
type: location
Name: Well Gotten Gains 🛡️
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Mulduck, Quulaihr
Mulduck and Quulaihr go to the store **Well Gotten Gains** 🛡️ where the shop keep clearly knows Mulduck from somewhere and is hiding it. Mulduck remains **invisible**. Quulaihr fails terribly to convince the shop keep Bianca that he's from temple **Path of Twilight** 🛕 prompting her to share information about Mulducks bounty out of pity. Mulduck is wanted by those of the Path of Twilight, a temple of Celestial mages and general space worshippers in Yyiros.

Quulaihr buys plate armor 🦾 before they leave.
---
Type: quote
Date: Jan 03, 2026
Author: Quulaihr

I've rolled 3, 3, 3, 1, 1. 😐
---
type: location
Name: Salt & Air 🍹
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi, Clovis
Luigi and Clovis go to the fancy bar, **Salt & Air** 🍹 to seek further information about Luigi's bounty, they speak to the bartender and he mentions that there are mages from a town called Tieem that has been an irritant as their highly arrogant. They are also mages from New Haven and largely they're fine with the locals.

Luigi knows Tieem, as it houses the magic school he previously attended...

Clovis, pretending to be drunk sparks up a conversation with some of the mages from Tieem, Gem and Crystal, asking if anyone knows about a man named Luigi. He learns that Luigi is infamous as he killed the headmaster of the mage school and fled, and now one of his prior classmates is in charge. Of the two mages I was chatting up, one of them, Gem, gives me their number 😉

Luigi is wanted for killing **Denton Fellridge** 🧙‍♂️. **Zim Grayson** 🧙‍♂️ is now headmaster.
---
Type: quote
Date: Jan 03, 2026
Author: Gem and Crystal

Zim Grayson is headmaster now and he SUUUUUUUCKS.
---
type: location
Name: The Wedding Dowry ⚓
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi, Clovis, Mulduck, Quulaihr
After pulling Barry away from playing cards and losing quite terribly, we head back to the ship. We share the details of our bounties as we've learned across town. Barry fills in the gaps on Clovis's bounty, noting that he's wanted a very rough praite town of Darktide 🏴‍☠️.

Commit message:

Fix typo and enhance Path of Twilight description
Corrected a typo and added a description for the Path of Twilight.

sessions/session-2.md, after:

Type: recap
Date: Jan 03, 2026
Title: Setting Sail to learn of our Bounties

Session 2 took us to the high seas on The Wedding Downry to the isle of Traitor Joe's where we learn the details of our bounties and the dangers that await us.

## :star2: Key Details

- **:face_with_spiral_eyes: Dream States**: We all awaken on the ship in various states of dreamy confusion
- **:anchor: The Wedding Dowry**: The ship we are aboard
- **:pirate_flag: Traitor Joe's**: An island safe harbor for pirates. Haggling is REQUIRED.
- **:crab: The Rusty Crab**: A divey pirate bar.
- **:tropical_drink: Salt & Air fancy bar**: the fancy schmancy bar.
- **:hook: Bait & Tackle**: A weapons and gear shop.
- **:shushing_face: Who's Askin?**: The hidden in a regular looking house speakeasy.
- **:shield: Well Gotten Gains**: A shop that sells armor.
- **:smile: The Golden Grin**: The prior gang/crew that Clovis sailed with.
- **:school: Tieem**: The mage school/city. Luigi is from here
- **🏴‍☠️ Darktide**: A rough pirate town were we suspect The Golden Grin may have a presence.
- **🛕 Path of Twilight** a temple of Celestial mages and general space worshippers in Yyiros. Mulduck is of here.

## :disguised_face: NPCs Introduced

- **:magic_wand: Mages of Tieem**: they act high and mighty. Locals find them annoying and arrogant.
- **:mage: Denton Fellridge**: The prior head master of the Tieem magic school that Luigi attended. Luigi killed him.
- **:mage: Zim Grayson**: the classmate of Luigi when at the Tieem school. He is now the head master.
- **:construction_worker: Speedy Pete**: The main deckhand on The Wedding Downry.
- **:innocent: Bembem**: God of the Moon and Diligence. Quulaihr is now a follower.

## :open_book: The Adventure

We traveled to Traitor Joe's to learn of our bounties and the dangers that await us as we endevour to clear our names...

---
type: location
Name: The Wedding Dowry ⚓
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi, Clovis, Mulduck, Quulaihr

We are all aboard the ship in various states of confusion and dreaming as the session begins...
---
Type: text
Title: Mulduck Awakens
We find ourselves at a wedding where **Mulduck** is the officiant. Mulduck looks around only to find that the bride, groom, and those in attandance all have his face...and then all are hold his same orb.

The deck hand, **Speedy Pete**, discovers Mulduck on the deck of **The Wedding Dowry** waking up surrounded by runes scortched into the deck of the ship.

Mulduck awakens to find his orb :crystal_ball: has changed color, and now has some ability to control time.
---
Type: text
Title: Quulaihr Signs a Contract
**Mulduck** meets up with **Clovis** and the ship crew who are watching **Quulaihr** who is holding a glowing seagull 🐦. 

Quulaihr, however, is having a converstaion with a god, **Bembem** 😇, through the bird, though it just looks like a bird to all of us. Quulaihr is signing a contract to become a follower of Bembem. 

Upon signing the contract and concluding his conversation, Bem-Bem leaves the seagulls body causing it to die 💀.

Mulduck IMMEDIATELY fires an Eldritch Blast 🔥 at the seagull.
---
Type: quote
Date: Jan 03, 2026
Author: Mulduck

That bird wasn't alive so TECHNICALLY I didn't kill it.
---
Type: text
Title: Luigi's Slimey Awakening
**Mulduck, Clovis and Quulaihr** make their way to the cargo deck to find a gigantic venus fly trap 🪴 has taken up residence in the corner with vines and flower growing all over the walls and ceiling. Quulaihr attacks it right away.

Clovis follows suit, and slices at the opening of the venus fly trap with his axe 🪓 causing a membrane and glowing mucus to be revealed. He proceeds to whip the membrane, and **Luigi** falls out.

Quulaihr BARFS 🤮
---
Type: quote
Date: Jan 03, 2026
Author: Quulaihr

SACRED FLAME! 🔥
---
Type: text
Title: On the run from Johnny Law
**Barry** chat's us up about being on the run from Johnny Law. We discuss going to **Traitor Joe's** 🏴‍☠️ to scrounge up details of our bounties. We set sail.

Quulaihr establishes that Johnny Law is a deity of this world.
---
Type: quote
Date: Jan 03, 2026
Author: Quulaihr

Johnny Law is a Chromatic Dragon
---
type: travel
from: New Haven 🏰
To: Traitor Joe's 🏴‍☠️
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi, Clovis, Mulduck, Quulaihr
We set sail for Traitor Joe's to learn of our bounties.
---
type: location
Name: Traitor Joe's 🏴‍☠️
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi, Clovis, Mulduck, Quulaihr

A small island safe harbor for pirates. Haggling is REQUIRED.
---
Type: Text
Title: Arrival at Traitor Joe's 🏴‍☠️
On arrival at Traitor Joe's, Barry heads out to gamble under **guidance** from Quulaihr while the of the party pursues leads around the city.

**Luigi** heads to **Who's Askin?** 🤫, the speakeasy hidden bar
**Quulaihr** See's his wanted poster. He's been framed by his older employeer for fincial crimes. He changes it from 50,000g to 5,0000g ✍️
**Clovis and Quulaihr** head to **Bait & Tackle** 🪝, a weapon an gear shop
**Mulduck** goes fishing 🎣
---
type: location
Name: Who's Askin? 🤫
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi
Luigi get himself a drink at the bar and see someone with a shoulder tattoo that matches the Sigel on Clovis's clothing. Luigi goes into the back of the bar and sits down with his hood up cloaked in darkness. He notices people talking with the same tattoo and sees a vision of Clovis, having been framed for killing his prior captain by reading the minds of those speaking. The crew is called The golden Grin 🙂.
---
type: location
Name: Bait & Tackle 🪝
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Clovis, Quulaihr
Clovis and Quulaihr arrive at **Bait & Tackle** 🪝. The person working is shaving while shaving and speaking to cool air. Clovis tries to steal while Quulaihr attempts to distract the worker by giving him a small, mechanical shaving robot as a gift. Quulaihr buys Clovis a **scimitar** ⚔️ and upon providing meaningful business and after haggling from 200g to 50g as the native custom demands, the shop keep tells us that we can seek more information regarding our bounties at **Who's Asking?** 🤫
---
type: location
Name: The Docks 🛳️
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Mulduck
After a successful fishing excursion, Mulduck find himself faced with a dog begging for food and feeds it a salmon 🐟 he caught. The dog is a mastiff named **Duke** 🐶
---
type: location
Name: Who's Askin? 🤫
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi, Clovis, Mulduck, Quulaihr
We regroup momentarily at Who's Askin? before breaking to finish shopping needs an investigation.
---
type: location
Name: Well Gotten Gains 🛡️
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Mulduck, Quulaihr
Mulduck and Quulaihr go to the store **Well Gotten Gains** 🛡️ where the shop keep clearly knows Mulduck from somewhere and is hiding it. Mulduck remains **invisible**. Quulaihr fails terribly to convince the shop keep Bianca that he's from temple **Path of Twilight** 🛕 prompting her to share information about Mulducks bounty out of pity. Mulduck is wanted by those of the Path of Twilight, a temple of Celestial mages and general space worshippers in Yyiros.

Quulaihr buys plate armor 🦾 before they leave.
---
Type: quote
Date: Jan 03, 2026
Author: Quulaihr

I've rolled 3, 3, 3, 1, 1. 😐
---
type: location
Name: Salt & Air 🍹
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi, Clovis
Luigi and Clovis go to the fancy bar, **Salt & Air** 🍹 to seek further information about Luigi's bounty, they speak to the bartender and he mentions that there are mages from a town called Tieem that has been an irritant as their highly arrogant. They are also mages from New Haven and largely they're fine with the locals.

Luigi knows Tieem, as it houses the magic school he previously attended...

Clovis, pretending to be drunk sparks up a conversation with some of the mages from Tieem, Gem and Crystal, asking if anyone knows about a man named Luigi. He learns that Luigi is infamous as he killed the headmaster of the mage school and fled, and now one of his prior classmates is in charge. Of the two mages I was chatting up, one of them, Gem, gives me their number 😉

Luigi is wanted for killing **Denton Fellridge** 🧙‍♂️. **Zim Grayson** 🧙‍♂️ is now headmaster.
---
Type: quote
Date: Jan 03, 2026
Author: Gem and Crystal

Zim Grayson is headmaster now and he SUUUUUUUCKS.
---
type: location
Name: The Wedding Dowry ⚓
Date: Jan 03, 2026
characters: Luigi, Clovis, Mulduck, Quulaihr
After pulling Barry away from playing cards and losing quite terribly, we head back to the ship. We share the details of our bounties as we've learned across town. Barry fills in the gaps on Clovis's bounty, noting that he's wanted a very rough praite town of Darktide 🏴‍☠️.
